Radicale 0.6.1, Changes, Future
===============================

As previously imagined, a new 0.6.1 version has been released, mainly fixing
obvious bugs.


0.6.1 - Growing Up
------------------

* Example files included in the tarball
* htpasswd support fixed
* Redirection loop bug fixed
* Testing message on GET requests

The changelog is really small, so there should be no real new problems since
0.6. The example files for logging, FastCGI and WSGI are now included in the
tarball, for the pleasure of our dear packagers!

A new branch has been created for various future bug fixes. You can expect to
get more 0.6.x versions, making this branch a kind of "stable" branch with no
big changes.


GitHub, Mailing List, New Website
---------------------------------

A lot of small changes occurred during the last weeks.

If you're interested in code and new features, please note that we moved the
project from Gitorious to :codelink:`GitHub`. Being hosted by Gitorious was a
nice experience, but the service was not that good and we were missing some
useful features such as git hooks. Moreover, GitHub is really popular, we're
sure that we'll meet a lot of kind users and coders there.

We've also created a :mailarchives:`mailing-list on Librelist` to keep a public
trace of the mails we're receiving. It a bit empty now, but we're sure that
you'll soon write us some kind words. For example, you can tell us what you
think of our new website!


Future Features
---------------

In the next weeks, new exciting features are coming in the master branch! Some
of them are almost ready:

- Henry-Nicolas has added the support for the PAM and Courier-Authdaemon
  authentication mechanisms.
- An anonymous called Keith Packard has prepared some small changes, such as
  one file per event, cache and git versioning. Yes. Really.

As you can find in the `Radicale Roadmap <http://redmine.kozea.fr/versions/>`_,
tests, rights and filters are expected for 0.7.
