Radicale 0.8
============

Radicale 0.8 is out!


0.8 - Rainbow
-------------

* New authentication and rights management modules (by Matthias Jordan)
* Experimental database storage
* Command-line option for custom configuration file (by Mark Adams)
* Root URL not at the root of a domain (by Clint Adams, Fabrice Bellet, Vincent Untz)
* Improved support for iCal, CalDAVSync, CardDAVSync, CalDavZAP and CardDavMATE
* Empty PROPFIND requests handled (by Christoph Polcin)
* Colon allowed in passwords
* Configurable realm message

This version brings some of the biggest changes since Radicale's creation,
including an experimental support of database storage, clean authentication
modules, and rights management finally designed for real users.

So, dear user, be careful: **this version changes important things in the
configuration file, so check twice that everything is OK when you update to
0.8, or you can have big problems**.

More and more clients are supported, as a lot of bug fixes and features have
been added for this purpose. And before you ask: yes, 2 web-based clients,
`CalDavZAP and CardDavMATE <http://www.inf-it.com/open-source/clients/>`_, are
now supported!

Even if there has been a lot of time to test these new features, I am pretty
sure that some really annoying bugs have been left in this version. We will
probably release minor versions with bugfixes during the next weeks, and it
will not take one more year to reach 0.8.1.

The documentation has been updated, but some parts are missing and some may be
out of date. You can `report bugs <https://github.com/Kozea/Radicale/issues>`_
or even `write documentation directly on GitHub
<https://github.com/Kozea/Radicale/blob/website/pages/user_documentation.rst>`_
if you find something strange (and you probably will).

If anything is not clear, or if the way rights work is a bit complicated to
understand, or if you are so happy because everything works so well, you can
`share your thoughts </contribute/>`_!

It has been a real pleasure to work on this version, with brilliant ideas and
interesting bug reports from the community. I'd really like to thank all the
people reporting bugs, chatting on IRC, sending mails and proposing pull
requests: you are awesome.
