---
layout: page
title: Radicale 0.6.3
---

Radicale version 0.6.3 has been released, with bugfixes that could be
interesting for you!


###0.6.3 - Red Roses

* MOVE requests fixed     
* Faster REPORT answers 
* Executable script moved into the package


###What's New Since 0.6.2?

The MOVE requests were suffering a little bug that is fixed now. These requests
are only sent by Apple clients, Mac users will be happy.

The REPORT request were really, really slow (several minutes for large
calendars). This was caused by an awful algorithm parsing the entire calendar
for each event in the calendar. The calendar is now only parsed three times,
and the events are found in a Python list, turning minutes into seconds! Much
better, but far from perfection…

Finally, the executable script parsing the command line options and starting
the HTTP servers has been moved from the ``radicale.py`` file into the
``radicale`` package. Two executable are now present in the archive: the good
old ``radicale.py``, and ``bin/radicale``. The second one is only used by
``setup.py``, where the hack used to rename ``radicale.py`` into ``radicale``
has therefore been removed. As a consequence, you can now launch Radicale with
the simple ``python -m radicale`` command, without relying on an executable.


###Time for a Stable Release!

The next release may be a stable release, symbolically called 1.0. Guess what's
missing? Tests, of course!

A non-regression testing suite, based on the clients' requests, will soon be
added to Radicale. We're now thinking about a smart solution to store the
tests, to represent the expected answers and to launch the requests. We've got
crazy ideas, so be prepared: you'll definitely *want* to write tests during the
next weeks!

Repeating events, PAM and Courier authentication methods have already been
added in master. You'll find them in the 1.0 release!


###What's Next?

Being stable is one thing, being cool is another one. If you want some cool new
features, you may be interested in:

- WebDAV and CardDAV support
- Filters and rights management
- Multiple storage backends, such as databases and git
- Freebusy periods
- Email alarms

Issues have been reported in the bug tracker, you can follow there the latest
news about these features. Your beloved text editor is waiting for you!
