---
layout: page
title: Radicale 0.6 Released
---

Time for a new release with **a lot** of new exciting features!

###0.6 - Sapling

* WSGI support
* IPv6 support
* Smart, verbose and configurable logs
* Apple iCal 4 and iPhone support (by Łukasz Langa)
* CalDAV-Sync support (by Marten Gajda)
* aCal support
* KDE KOrganizer support
* LDAP auth backend (by Corentin Le Bail)
* Public and private calendars (by René Neumann)
* PID file
* MOVE requests management
* Journal entries support
* Drop Python 2.5 support

Well, it's been a little longer than expected, but for good reasons: a lot of
features have been added, and a lot of clients are known to work with Radicale,
thanks to kind contributors. That's definitely good news! But…

Testing all the clients is really painful, moreover for the ones from Apple (I
have no Mac nor iPhone of my own). We should seriously think of automated
tests, even if it's really hard to maintain, and maybe not that useful. If
you're interested in tests, you can look at
[the wonderful regression suite of DAViCal](http://repo.or.cz/w/davical.git/tree/HEAD:/testing/tests/regression-suite).

The new features, for example the WSGI support, are also poorly documented. If
you have some Apache or lighttpd configuration working with Radicale, you can
make the world a little bit better by writing a paragraph or two in the
[Radicale documentation](https://gitorious.org/radicale/website). It's simple
plain text, don't be afraid!

Because of all these changes, Radicale 0.6 may be a little bit buggy; a 0.6.1
will probably be released soon, fixing small problems with clients and
features. Get ready to report bugs, I'm sure that you can find one (and fix
it)!
