---
layout: page
title: Radicale 2.0.0
---

Radicale 2.0.0 is out!

### 2.0.0 - Little Big Radish

This feature is not compatible with the 1.x.x versions. See
http://radicale.org/1to2/ if you want to switch from 1.x.x to 2.0.0.

- Support Python 3.3+ only, Python 2 is not supported anymore
- Keep only one simple filesystem-based storage system
- Remove built-in Git support
- Remove built-in authentication modules
- Keep the WSGI interface, use Python HTTP server by default
- Use a real iCal parser, rely on the "vobject" external module
- Add a solid calendar discovery
- Respect the difference between "files" and "folders", don't rely on slashes
- Remove the calendar creation with GET requests
- Be stateless
- Use a file locker
- Add threading
- Get atomic writes
- Support new filters
- Support read-only permissions
- Allow External plugins for authentication, rights management, storage and version control

This release concludes endless months of hard work from the community. You, all
users and contributors, deserve a big **thank you**.

This project has been an increadible experience for me, your dear Guillaume,
creator and maintainer of Radicale. After more than 8 years of fun, I think
that it's time to open this software to its contributors. Radicale can grow and
become more than the toy it used to be. I've always seen Radicale as a small
and simple piece of code, and I don't want to prevent people from adding
features just because I can't or don't want to maintain them. The community is
now large enough to handle this.

If you're interested in Radicale, you can
read [#372](https://github.com/Kozea/Radicale/issues/372) and build its
future.
